Belshazzar the king made a great feast
Belshazzar the king made a great feast for a thousand of his lords and drank
for a thousand of his lords and drank
for a thousand of his lords and drank wine in the presence of the thousand
wine in the presence of the thousand
wine in the presence of the thousand while he tasted the wine Belshazzar gave
while he tasted the wine Belshazzar gave
while he tasted the wine Belshazzar gave the command to bring the gold and silver
the command to bring the gold and silver
the command to bring the gold and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar
vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar
vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken from the temple which have
had taken from the temple which have
had taken from the temple which have been in Jerusalem at the king and his
been in Jerusalem at the king and his
been in Jerusalem at the king and his Lords his wives and his concubines might
Lords his wives and his concubines might
Lords his wives and his concubines might drink from them and they brought the
drink from them and they brought the
drink from them and they brought the gold vessels that have been taken from
gold vessels that have been taken from
gold vessels that have been taken from the temple of the house of God which had
the temple of the house of God which had
the temple of the house of God which had been in Jerusalem and the king and his
been in Jerusalem and the king and his
been in Jerusalem and the king and his Lords his wives and his concubines Trank
Lords his wives and his concubines Trank
Lords his wives and his concubines Trank from them they drank wine and praised
from them they drank wine and praised
from them they drank wine and praised the gods of gold and silver bronze and
the gods of gold and silver bronze and
the gods of gold and silver bronze and iron wood and stone in the same hour the
iron wood and stone in the same hour the
iron wood and stone in the same hour the fingers of a man's hand appeared and
fingers of a man's hand appeared and
fingers of a man's hand appeared and wrote opposite the lampstand on the
wrote opposite the lampstand on the
wrote opposite the lampstand on the plaster of the wall of the king's palace
plaster of the wall of the king's palace
plaster of the wall of the king's palace and the King saw the part of the hand
and the King saw the part of the hand
and the King saw the part of the hand that wrote then the Kings countenance
that wrote then the Kings countenance
that wrote then the Kings countenance changed and his thoughts troubled him so
changed and his thoughts troubled him so
changed and his thoughts troubled him so that the joints of his hips were
that the joints of his hips were
that the joints of his hips were loosened and his knees knocked against
loosened and his knees knocked against
loosened and his knees knocked against each other the King cried aloud to bring
each other the King cried aloud to bring
each other the King cried aloud to bring in the astrologers the Chaldeans and the
in the astrologers the Chaldeans and the
in the astrologers the Chaldeans and the soothsayers the King spoke saying to the
soothsayers the King spoke saying to the
soothsayers the King spoke saying to the wise men of Babylon whoever reads this
wise men of Babylon whoever reads this
wise men of Babylon whoever reads this writing and tells me its interpretation
writing and tells me its interpretation
writing and tells me its interpretation shall be clothed with purple and have a
shall be clothed with purple and have a
shall be clothed with purple and have a chain of gold around his neck and he
chain of gold around his neck and he
chain of gold around his neck and he shall be the third ruler in the kingdom
shall be the third ruler in the kingdom
shall be the third ruler in the kingdom now all the kings wise men came but they
now all the kings wise men came but they
now all the kings wise men came but they could not read the writing or make known
could not read the writing or make known
could not read the writing or make known to the king its interpretation then King
to the king its interpretation then King
to the king its interpretation then King Belshazzar was greatly troubled his
Belshazzar was greatly troubled his
Belshazzar was greatly troubled his countenance was changed and his Lords
countenance was changed and his Lords
countenance was changed and his Lords were astonished
were astonished
were astonished the Queen because of the words of the
the Queen because of the words of the
the Queen because of the words of the king and his lords came to the banquet
king and his lords came to the banquet
king and his lords came to the banquet hall
hall
hall the Queen's Oh King live forever
the Queen's Oh King live forever
the Queen's Oh King live forever do not let your thoughts trouble you nor
do not let your thoughts trouble you nor
do not let your thoughts trouble you nor let your countenance change there is a
let your countenance change there is a
let your countenance change there is a man in your kingdom in whom is the
man in your kingdom in whom is the
man in your kingdom in whom is the spirit of the holy God and in the days
spirit of the holy God and in the days
spirit of the holy God and in the days of your father light and understanding
of your father light and understanding
of your father light and understanding and wisdom like the wisdom of the gods
and wisdom like the wisdom of the gods
and wisdom like the wisdom of the gods or found in him and King Nebuchadnezzar
or found in him and King Nebuchadnezzar
or found in him and King Nebuchadnezzar your father your father the King made
your father your father the King made
your father your father the King made him chief of the magicians astrologers
him chief of the magicians astrologers
him chief of the magicians astrologers Chaldeans
Chaldeans
Chaldeans and soothsayers in as much as an
and soothsayers in as much as an
and soothsayers in as much as an excellent spirit knowledge understanding
excellent spirit knowledge understanding
excellent spirit knowledge understanding interpreting dreams solving riddles and
interpreting dreams solving riddles and
interpreting dreams solving riddles and explaining and nygma's were found in
explaining and nygma's were found in
explaining and nygma's were found in this Daniel whom the king named belted
this Daniel whom the king named belted
this Daniel whom the king named belted Shazzer now let Daniel be called and he
Shazzer now let Daniel be called and he
Shazzer now let Daniel be called and he will give the interpretation then Daniel
will give the interpretation then Daniel
will give the interpretation then Daniel was brought in before the king
was brought in before the king
was brought in before the king are you that Daniel who is one of the
are you that Daniel who is one of the
are you that Daniel who is one of the captives from Judah who my father the
captives from Judah who my father the
captives from Judah who my father the King brought from Judah I have heard of
King brought from Judah I have heard of
King brought from Judah I have heard of you that the Spirit of God is in you and
you that the Spirit of God is in you and
you that the Spirit of God is in you and that light and understanding and
that light and understanding and
that light and understanding and excellent wisdom are found in you now
excellent wisdom are found in you now
excellent wisdom are found in you now the wise men the astrologers have been
the wise men the astrologers have been
the wise men the astrologers have been brought in before me that they should
brought in before me that they should
brought in before me that they should read this writing and make known to me
read this writing and make known to me
read this writing and make known to me its interpretation but they could not
its interpretation but they could not
its interpretation but they could not give the interpretation of the thing and
give the interpretation of the thing and
give the interpretation of the thing and I have heard of youth that you can give
I have heard of youth that you can give
I have heard of youth that you can give interpretations and explain enigmas now
interpretations and explain enigmas now
interpretations and explain enigmas now if you can read the writing and make
if you can read the writing and make
if you can read the writing and make known to me its interpretation
known to me its interpretation
known to me its interpretation you shall be clothed with purple and
you shall be clothed with purple and
you shall be clothed with purple and have a chain of gold around your neck
have a chain of gold around your neck
have a chain of gold around your neck and shall be the third ruler in the
and shall be the third ruler in the
and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom let your gifts be for yourself
kingdom let your gifts be for yourself
kingdom let your gifts be for yourself and give you rewards to another yet I
and give you rewards to another yet I
and give you rewards to another yet I will read the writing to the king and
will read the writing to the king and
will read the writing to the king and make known to him the interpretation o
make known to him the interpretation o
make known to him the interpretation o King the Most High God gave
King the Most High God gave
King the Most High God gave Nebuchadnezzar your father a kingdom and
Nebuchadnezzar your father a kingdom and
Nebuchadnezzar your father a kingdom and majesty
majesty
majesty glory and honor and because of the
glory and honor and because of the
glory and honor and because of the majesty that he gave him all peoples
majesty that he gave him all peoples
majesty that he gave him all peoples nations and languages trembled and
nations and languages trembled and
nations and languages trembled and feared before him whom ever he wished he
feared before him whom ever he wished he
feared before him whom ever he wished he executed whomever he wished he kept
executed whomever he wished he kept
executed whomever he wished he kept alive whomever he wished he set up and
alive whomever he wished he set up and
alive whomever he wished he set up and whomever he wished he put down but when
whomever he wished he put down but when
whomever he wished he put down but when his heart was lifted up and his spirit
his heart was lifted up and his spirit
his heart was lifted up and his spirit was hardened in Pride he was deposed
was hardened in Pride he was deposed
was hardened in Pride he was deposed from his kingly throne and they took his
from his kingly throne and they took his
from his kingly throne and they took his glory from him then he was driven from
glory from him then he was driven from
glory from him then he was driven from the sons of men his heart was made like
the sons of men his heart was made like
the sons of men his heart was made like the beasts and his dwelling was with the
the beasts and his dwelling was with the
the beasts and his dwelling was with the wild donkeys they fed him with grass
wild donkeys they fed him with grass
wild donkeys they fed him with grass like oxen and his body was wet with the
like oxen and his body was wet with the
like oxen and his body was wet with the dew of heaven till he knew that the Most
dew of heaven till he knew that the Most
dew of heaven till he knew that the Most High God rules in the kingdom of men and
High God rules in the kingdom of men and
High God rules in the kingdom of men and appoints over it
appoints over it
appoints over it whomever he chooses but you his son
whomever he chooses but you his son
whomever he chooses but you his son Belshazzar have not humbled your heart
Belshazzar have not humbled your heart
Belshazzar have not humbled your heart although you knew all this and you have
although you knew all this and you have
although you knew all this and you have lifted yourself up against the Lord of
lifted yourself up against the Lord of
lifted yourself up against the Lord of heaven they have brought the vessels of
heaven they have brought the vessels of
heaven they have brought the vessels of his house before you and you and your
his house before you and you and your
his house before you and you and your Lords your wives and your concubines
Lords your wives and your concubines
Lords your wives and your concubines have drunk wine from them
have drunk wine from them
have drunk wine from them and you have praised the gods of silver
and you have praised the gods of silver
and you have praised the gods of silver and gold bronze and iron wood and stone
and gold bronze and iron wood and stone
and gold bronze and iron wood and stone which do not see or hear or know and the
which do not see or hear or know and the
which do not see or hear or know and the God who holds your breath in his hand
God who holds your breath in his hand
God who holds your breath in his hand and owns all your ways you have not
and owns all your ways you have not
and owns all your ways you have not glorified then the fingers of the hand
glorified then the fingers of the hand
glorified then the fingers of the hand were sent from him and this writing was
were sent from him and this writing was
were sent from him and this writing was written and this is the inscription that
written and this is the inscription that
written and this is the inscription that was written meanie meanie tickle you
was written meanie meanie tickle you
was written meanie meanie tickle you Farson this is the interpretation of
Farson this is the interpretation of
Farson this is the interpretation of each word meaning God has numbered your
each word meaning God has numbered your
each word meaning God has numbered your kingdom and finished it Tikal
kingdom and finished it Tikal
kingdom and finished it Tikal you have been weighed in the balances
you have been weighed in the balances
you have been weighed in the balances and found wanting
and found wanting
and found wanting Pires your kingdom has been divided and
Pires your kingdom has been divided and
Pires your kingdom has been divided and given to the Medes and Persians
then Belshazzar gave the command and
then Belshazzar gave the command and they clothed Daniel with purple and put
they clothed Daniel with purple and put
they clothed Daniel with purple and put a chain of gold around his neck and made
a chain of gold around his neck and made
a chain of gold around his neck and made a proclamation concerning him that he
a proclamation concerning him that he
a proclamation concerning him that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom
should be the third ruler in the kingdom
should be the third ruler in the kingdom that very night Belshazzar king of the
that very night Belshazzar king of the
that very night Belshazzar king of the Chaldeans was slain and derives the
Chaldeans was slain and derives the
Chaldeans was slain and derives the Meade received the kingdom being about
Meade received the kingdom being about
Meade received the kingdom being about 62 years old
62 years old
62 years old you